Introduce 'Almost discrete' property (#821)
pi-base/data: properties/P000203.md

---
uid: P000203
name: Almost discrete
refs:
- zb: "1542.54005"
  name: On the product of almost discrete Grothendieck spaces (Osipov)
---

All points except for one are isolated.

> Equivalently, the topology is not {P52} and is finer than an excluded point topology (e.g. {S12}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Equivalently, the topology is not {P52} and contains an excluded point topology (e.g. {S12}).
```
so that we don't need to say "finer or equal"

> Note that discrete spaces are excluded as this is its typical definition in the literature.
> See for example {{zb:1542.54005}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There have been various slightly different definitions of *almost discrete" in the literature.  Most definitions exclude discrete spaces; see for example {{zb:0791.54049}} and {{zb:1542.54005}}.  Sometimes {P3} is assumed, but we don't make that assumption here.
```

---
uid: P000203
name: Almost discrete

> ---

Reviewer 2: Given all the discussion, we should add a reference to justify why almost discrete doesn't imply discrete (i.e. that's how it's used in the literature).
